README.md, before:

# NTPClient by julfi

Connect to a NTP server, here is how:

```cpp
#include <NTPClientByjulfi.h>
// change next line to use with another board/shield
#include <ESP8266WiFi.h>
//#include <WiFi.h> // for WiFi shield
//#include <WiFi101.h> // for WiFi 101 shield or MKR1000
#include <WiFiUdp.h>

const char *ssid     = "<SSID>";
const char *password = "<PASSWORD>";

WiFiUDP ntpUDP;

// By default 'time.nist.gov' is used with 60 seconds update interval and
// no offset
NTPClient timeClient(ntpUDP);

// You can specify the time server pool and the offset, (in seconds)
// additionaly you can specify the update interval (in milliseconds).
// NTPClient timeClient(ntpUDP, "europe.pool.ntp.org", 3600, 60000);

void setup(){
  Serial.begin(115200);
  WiFi.begin(ssid, password);

  while ( WiFi.status() != WL_CONNECTED ) {
    delay ( 500 );
    Serial.print ( "." );
  }

  timeClient.begin();
}

void loop() {
  timeClient.update();

  Serial.print("Formatted time : ");Serial.println(timeClient.getFormattedTime());

  /* Newly added methods */
  Serial.print("The month's number: ");Serial.println(timeClient.getMonth());
  Serial.print("The year: ");Serial.println(timeClient.getYear());
  Serial.print("The actual day's number: ");Serial.println(timeClient.getRealDay());

  delay(1000);
}
```

Commit message:

Very quick installation guide without screen

README.md, after:

# NTPClient by julfi

## Installing

The installation is slightly different from the original. This one had to be installed manually!

- First, download the archive librairy
- Copy and past the directory in your IDE librairy managment directory. (Ardiuno IDE or Platformio)
- I personnaly use platformio and the correct directory is located here by default: *C:\Users\#username\.platformio\lib*

## Typical use

Connect to a NTP server, here is how:

```cpp
#include <NTPClientByjulfi.h>
// change next line to use with another board/shield
#include <ESP8266WiFi.h>
//#include <WiFi.h> // for WiFi shield
//#include <WiFi101.h> // for WiFi 101 shield or MKR1000
#include <WiFiUdp.h>

const char *ssid     = "<SSID>";
const char *password = "<PASSWORD>";

WiFiUDP ntpUDP;

// By default 'time.nist.gov' is used with 60 seconds update interval and
// no offset
NTPClient timeClient(ntpUDP);

// You can specify the time server pool and the offset, (in seconds)
// additionaly you can specify the update interval (in milliseconds).
// NTPClient timeClient(ntpUDP, "europe.pool.ntp.org", 3600, 60000);

void setup(){
  Serial.begin(115200);
  WiFi.begin(ssid, password);

  while ( WiFi.status() != WL_CONNECTED ) {
    delay ( 500 );
    Serial.print ( "." );
  }

  timeClient.begin();
}

void loop() {
  timeClient.update();

  Serial.print("Formatted time : ");Serial.println(timeClient.getFormattedTime());

  /* Newly added methods */
  Serial.print("The month's number: ");Serial.println(timeClient.getMonth());
  Serial.print("The year: ");Serial.println(timeClient.getYear());
  Serial.print("The actual day's number: ");Serial.println(timeClient.getRealDay());

  delay(1000);
}
```
